Sources UI updates in docs (#824)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/sdks/rudderstack-flutter-sdk/flutter-v1.mdx

To set up the RudderStack Flutter SDK, the prerequisites are as mentioned below:

- You will need to set up a [RudderStack Account](https://app.rudderstack.com).

> - Once signed up, you need to <Link to="/dashboard-guides/sources/#adding-a-source">set up a Flutter source</Link> in the dashboard.  You should then see a **Write Key** for this source, as shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once signed up, you need to <Link to="/dashboard-guides/sources/#adding-a-source">set up a Flutter source</Link> in the dashboard. You should be able to see a **Write Key** for this source, as shown:
```
